hey friends is rosy and in this video
I'm going to show you how to make easy
mashed potatoes if you want the exact
measurements that can be found on my
blog I heart recipes calm so we're going
to start off with our potatoes I'm using
regular old russet potatoes you know the
cheap price that you can get like 10
pounds for $1 and some change and those
potatoes so I started off by washing and
peeling the potatoes make sure you scrub
them really good and then you're going
to dice the potatoes and I kind of diced
mine you know big chunks but you can
make them smaller if you want so once
they're nice and chopped up I'm going to
toss them into a big old pot here and
instead of boiling them in water I'm
going to change up the game and boil
them in chicken broth you will find that
they will be so flavorful if you do this
so do not skip out on this step okay so
you're going to need enough chicken
broth to cover up the potatoes I'm
making a small amount but I will leave
the measurements on my blog I heart
recipes calm you can double this just
bring it to a boil and you're going to
boil those potatoes until they are nice
and fork tender just like this okay so
once they are drain the broth you don't
need it anymore and now in this saucepan
here I have it over medium here I'm
going to melt down some butter I prefer
butter but if you want margarine hey do
you and just melt it completely down
there ruler to toss in our potatoes okay
so you see there's still in lumps and
everything we don't want that I'm going
to use my little cheat masher here I'm
going to mash the potatoes until they
are well until they look like that and
now I'm going to pour in some
half-and-half but if you don't have half
in half you can use part milk and part
cream okay so I've mastered some more
number two sprinkle my seasonings I like
garlic powder onion powder and a little
bit of salt you can add pepper if you
want and my secret ingredient is
Parmesan cheese okay so I'm going to
toss all that in there and now I'm going
to stir it until everything is well
combined
once it is I'm going to turn the heat
off completely and you know what I am
ready to serve so to serve this I'm just
going to place it into a large bowl and
there we are
once everything is in the bowl we're
good to go but look how creamy it isn't
I like
fine lump free if you like little lumps
or whatever in yours that's you but I
like it look free and I like it really
creamy I mean look at this they are
really creamy this beats any boxed
powdered potatoes any day so to top it
off I'm just going to add some more
butter even though we added butter
earlier you know you got to have lots of
butter on there mashed potatoes
especially during the holiday and then
I'm going to sprinkle on some parsley
flakes or chives and I am ready to the
game thank you so much for watching
I truly appreciate come to I heart
recipes to print out the recipe card and
visit me every Sunday and Wednesdays for
new video uploads